                            
                            --How to use git and github--


      Well, that's what I would like to know. I have to send my homework via github.
      But I still don't know how. 
      I hope I'll learn it soon!

  - How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
    efficient programmer in the long term?

       Maybe it is easier then to learn from ones errors and to recover from
       those.

  - What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
    commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like
    Google Docs does?

       When you save manually a file, you generally want to keep your work as it is,
       wich means that it makes sense. Having versions automatically saved can be
       helpfull if you forget to save manually but in the other hand you can save
       junk.

   - Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving
     multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each
     file separately?

      Git and other version control systems take into acount programmers needs,
      Google Docs is more general. It is not even used as a text editor!

  - How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of
    files?

      With the commmand git log --stat it is easy to see the number of new
      commits or deletes between files: there is a number of green '+' signs
      that show the commits and red '-' signs that represent the deletes.

      With git diff you compare 2 files. The lines that are different are
      highlightened (also in green for the commits and in red for the deletes).

  - How might using version control make you more confident to make changes
    that could break something?

      It makes you more confident because it allows you to revert changes.

  - Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git
    for?

      Right now I need to know how to submit my homework from another Udacity
      course, via Github.

